It is a corner that teaches the super-acuity research base body that has begun .
What that this corner one is for the Government Buildings that while the question candy test is fixed
Though
I 'll come early
Yoshinobori car
It is a question from
In the body
Shaka months and fishing fool
Come Sacchan
Such as running low but proceed
I'm feeling a little anxiety
What do you think
Pretty arm
Establishment we know Osmo down
this
Good good
Well from the conclusion
Somehow polite but also more than 40 people
It's good to say about
Looking at the 40-year flow of cats
In short , the early 70 's
Say What do Ntte it is unplugged
That kind of thing is very
I think it is popular
So let's think about that
What it was less Hey Fishing from
The impression is
Hey hey
It is not
If there is an impression that there was less then 40 years
How many
Even if it is so , I think as if it is no
why
It is Gori's in the Well good
I do not know when I have been in balance
I have a look
Not within
You won't get the impression that it would have diminished if it were too individual now
For example, the have in
Have you say
Network and has been reclaimed from the time of Well Fishing has written better myself Well
But what's it like I was able Toka to fishing and without properly plan in the seawall in the earlier
It is such a thing
Do you want to see it in total?
Now fart
Nja
like
I feel a little so this less impression =
I know what I mean by conventional type
Also new with The environment I do not know be has become less of Tteyuu fishing bar environment
It means
What pieces
It is not possible
I think a little
I will do that place
For example, in the park
For example, if there were only seventies, it would have been
Now it has become a park centered on that area
Something
If there is an environment that can do that, are there many places
Do I think we such things like that because
I think that the world of today is something that is bent
After all, the sound from the point of view, such as I mean Tsu or something to cherish south nature
Such a environment that Tteyuu more and more disappears
moon
Is not it ?
I do not like
I think so I think-
Is the answer to the test